c:\users\cool_bkas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\cool_bkas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\cool_bkas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\cool_bkas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\cool_bkas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\cool_bkas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\cool_bkas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\cool_bkas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\cool_bkas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\cool_bkas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\cool_bkas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\cool_bkas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\cool_bkas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Newspaper.dll.config
c:\users\cool_bkas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Newspaper.dll
c:\users\cool_bkas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Newspaper.pdb
c:\users\cool_bkas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\cool_bkas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\cool_bkas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\cool_bkas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\cool_bkas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\cool_bkas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:\users\cool_bkas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\cool_bkas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\cool_bkas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\cool_bkas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\users\cool_bkas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\cool_bkas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
c:\users\cool_bkas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
c:\users\cool_bkas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
c:\users\cool_bkas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
c:\users\cool_bkas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
c:\users\cool_bkas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\cool_bkas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\cool_bkas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Owin.dll
c:\users\cool_bkas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\cool_bkas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\cool_bkas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\cool_bkas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\cool_bkas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\cool_bkas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\cool_bkas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\cool_bkas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\cool_bkas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\cool_bkas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\cool_bkas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\cool_bkas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\cool_bkas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\cool_bkas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\cool_bkas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\cool_bkas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\cool_bkas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\cool_bkas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\cool_bkas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\cool_bkas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\cool_bkas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\cool_bkas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\users\cool_bkas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\cool_bkas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\cool_bkas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\cool_bkas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\cool_bkas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
c:\users\cool_bkas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\users\cool_bkas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:\users\cool_bkas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
c:\users\cool_bkas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
c:\users\cool_bkas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
c:\users\cool_bkas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.dll
c:\users\cool_bkas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.pdb
C:\Users\cool_bkas\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.Migrations.ek.resources
C:\Users\cool_bkas\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\cool_bkas\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.Migrations.c.resources
C:\Users\cool_bkas\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.Migrations.po.resources
C:\Users\cool_bkas\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.Migrations.p.resources
C:\Users\cool_bkas\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.Migrations.prop.resources
C:\Users\cool_bkas\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.Migrations.prop1.resources
C:\Users\cool_bkas\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.Migrations.prope.resources
C:\Users\cool_bkas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.Migrations.f.resources
C:\Users\cool_bkas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\AutoMapper.dll
C:\Users\cool_bkas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\AutoMapper.xml
C:\Users\cool_bkas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.Migrations.h.resources
C:\Users\cool_bkas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.Migrations.aalu.resources
C:\Users\cool_bkas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.Migrations.full.resources
C:\Users\cool_bkas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.Migrations.d.resources
C:\Users\cool_bkas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.Migrations.e.resources
C:\Users\cool_bkas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.Migrations.rr.resources
C:\Users\cool_bkas\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\cool_bkas\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\cool_bkas\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.csproj.CopyComplete
C:\Users\cool_bkas\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.Migrations.abc.resources
C:\Users\cool_bkas\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.Migrations.q.resources
C:\Users\cool_bkas\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.Migrations.g.resources
C:\Users\cool_bkas\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.Migrations.aalu1.resources
C:\Users\cool_bkas\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.Migrations.root.resources
C:\Users\cool_bkas\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.Migrations.u.resources
C:\Users\cool_bkas\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.Migrations.y.resources
C:\Users\cool_bkas\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.Migrations.t.resources
C:\Users\cool_bkas\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.Migrations.r.resources
C:\Users\cool_bkas\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.Migrations.e1.resources
C:\Users\cool_bkas\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.Migrations.account.resources
C:\Users\cool_bkas\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.Migrations.acc.resources
C:\Users\cool_bkas\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.Migrations.newspaper.resources
C:\Users\cool_bkas\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.Migrations.discount.resources
C:\Users\cool_bkas\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.Migrations.BillNoAddedToAccountAndServiceAssign.resources
C:\Users\cool_bkas\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.Migrations.duration.resources
C:\Users\cool_bkas\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.Migrations.customer.resources
C:\Users\cool_bkas\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.Migrations.add.resources
C:\Users\cool_bkas\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.Migrations.added.resources
F:\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
F:\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
F:\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
F:\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
F:\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
F:\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
F:\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
F:\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
F:\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
F:\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
F:\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
F:\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
F:\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Newspaper.dll.config
F:\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Newspaper.dll
F:\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Newspaper.pdb
F:\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
F:\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\AutoMapper.dll
F:\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\EntityFramework.dll
F:\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
F:\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
F:\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
F:\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
F:\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
F:\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
F:\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
F:\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
F:\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
F:\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
F:\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
F:\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
F:\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
F:\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
F:\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
F:\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
F:\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Owin.dll
F:\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
F:\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
F:\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
F:\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
F:\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
F:\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
F:\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
F:\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\WebGrease.dll
F:\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\AutoMapper.xml
F:\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\EntityFramework.xml
F:\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
F:\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
F:\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
F:\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
F:\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
F:\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
F:\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
F:\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
F:\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
F:\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
F:\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
F:\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
F:\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
F:\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
F:\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
F:\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
F:\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
F:\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
F:\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
F:\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
F:\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
F:\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
F:\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
F:\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
F:\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.Migrations.ek.resources
F:\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.Migrations.c.resources
F:\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.Migrations.po.resources
F:\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.Migrations.p.resources
F:\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.Migrations.prop.resources
F:\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.Migrations.prop1.resources
F:\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.Migrations.prope.resources
F:\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.Migrations.f.resources
F:\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.Migrations.h.resources
F:\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.Migrations.aalu.resources
F:\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.Migrations.full.resources
F:\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.Migrations.d.resources
F:\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.Migrations.e.resources
F:\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.Migrations.rr.resources
F:\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.Migrations.abc.resources
F:\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.Migrations.q.resources
F:\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.Migrations.g.resources
F:\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.Migrations.aalu1.resources
F:\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.Migrations.root.resources
F:\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.Migrations.u.resources
F:\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.Migrations.y.resources
F:\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.Migrations.t.resources
F:\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.Migrations.r.resources
F:\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.Migrations.e1.resources
F:\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.Migrations.account.resources
F:\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.Migrations.acc.resources
F:\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.Migrations.newspaper.resources
F:\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.Migrations.discount.resources
F:\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.Migrations.BillNoAddedToAccountAndServiceAssign.resources
F:\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.Migrations.duration.resources
F:\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.Migrations.customer.resources
F:\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.Migrations.add.resources
F:\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.Migrations.added.resources
F:\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
F:\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
F:\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.csproj.CopyComplete
F:\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.dll
F:\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.pdb
E:\company\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
E:\company\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
E:\company\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
E:\company\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
E:\company\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
E:\company\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
E:\company\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
E:\company\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
E:\company\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
E:\company\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
E:\company\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
E:\company\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
E:\company\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Newspaper.dll.config
E:\company\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Newspaper.dll
E:\company\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Newspaper.pdb
E:\company\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
E:\company\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\AutoMapper.dll
E:\company\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\EntityFramework.dll
E:\company\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
E:\company\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
E:\company\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
E:\company\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
E:\company\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
E:\company\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
E:\company\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
E:\company\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
E:\company\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
E:\company\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
E:\company\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
E:\company\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
E:\company\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
E:\company\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
E:\company\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
E:\company\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
E:\company\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Owin.dll
E:\company\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
E:\company\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
E:\company\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
E:\company\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
E:\company\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
E:\company\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
E:\company\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
E:\company\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\WebGrease.dll
E:\company\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\AutoMapper.xml
E:\company\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\EntityFramework.xml
E:\company\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
E:\company\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
E:\company\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
E:\company\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
E:\company\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
E:\company\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
E:\company\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
E:\company\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
E:\company\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
E:\company\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
E:\company\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
E:\company\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
E:\company\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
E:\company\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
E:\company\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
E:\company\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
E:\company\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
E:\company\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
E:\company\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
E:\company\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
E:\company\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
E:\company\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
E:\company\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
E:\company\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
E:\company\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.Migrations.ek.resources
E:\company\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.Migrations.c.resources
E:\company\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.Migrations.po.resources
E:\company\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.Migrations.p.resources
E:\company\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.Migrations.prop.resources
E:\company\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.Migrations.prop1.resources
E:\company\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.Migrations.prope.resources
E:\company\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.Migrations.f.resources
E:\company\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.Migrations.h.resources
E:\company\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.Migrations.aalu.resources
E:\company\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.Migrations.full.resources
E:\company\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.Migrations.d.resources
E:\company\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.Migrations.e.resources
E:\company\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.Migrations.rr.resources
E:\company\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.Migrations.abc.resources
E:\company\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.Migrations.q.resources
E:\company\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.Migrations.g.resources
E:\company\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.Migrations.aalu1.resources
E:\company\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.Migrations.root.resources
E:\company\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.Migrations.u.resources
E:\company\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.Migrations.y.resources
E:\company\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.Migrations.t.resources
E:\company\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.Migrations.r.resources
E:\company\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.Migrations.e1.resources
E:\company\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.Migrations.account.resources
E:\company\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.Migrations.acc.resources
E:\company\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.Migrations.newspaper.resources
E:\company\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.Migrations.discount.resources
E:\company\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.Migrations.BillNoAddedToAccountAndServiceAssign.resources
E:\company\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.Migrations.duration.resources
E:\company\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.Migrations.customer.resources
E:\company\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.Migrations.add.resources
E:\company\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.Migrations.added.resources
E:\company\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
E:\company\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
E:\company\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.csproj.CopyComplete
E:\company\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.dll
E:\company\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.pdb
E:\company\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.Migrations.PROJECTS.resources
E:\company\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.Migrations.added1.resources
E:\company\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.Migrations.add1.resources
D:\Company\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
D:\Company\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
D:\Company\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
D:\Company\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
D:\Company\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
D:\Company\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
D:\Company\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
D:\Company\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
D:\Company\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
D:\Company\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
D:\Company\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
D:\Company\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
D:\Company\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Newspaper.dll.config
D:\Company\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Newspaper.dll
D:\Company\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Newspaper.pdb
D:\Company\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
D:\Company\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\AutoMapper.dll
D:\Company\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\EntityFramework.dll
D:\Company\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
D:\Company\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
D:\Company\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
D:\Company\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
D:\Company\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
D:\Company\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
D:\Company\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
D:\Company\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
D:\Company\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
D:\Company\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
D:\Company\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
D:\Company\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
D:\Company\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
D:\Company\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
D:\Company\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
D:\Company\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
D:\Company\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Owin.dll
D:\Company\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
D:\Company\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
D:\Company\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
D:\Company\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
D:\Company\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
D:\Company\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
D:\Company\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
D:\Company\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\WebGrease.dll
D:\Company\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\AutoMapper.xml
D:\Company\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\EntityFramework.xml
D:\Company\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
D:\Company\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
D:\Company\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
D:\Company\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
D:\Company\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
D:\Company\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
D:\Company\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
D:\Company\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
D:\Company\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
D:\Company\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
D:\Company\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
D:\Company\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
D:\Company\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
D:\Company\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
D:\Company\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
D:\Company\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
D:\Company\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
D:\Company\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
D:\Company\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
D:\Company\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
D:\Company\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
D:\Company\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
D:\Company\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
D:\Company\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.Migrations.prakashan.resources
D:\Company\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.Migrations.group.resources
D:\Company\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.Migrations._new.resources
D:\Company\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.Migrations.newspaper.resources
D:\Company\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.Migrations.gdms.resources
D:\Company\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.Migrations.serviceimg.resources
D:\Company\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.Migrations.dscountamount.resources
D:\Company\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.Migrations.route.resources
D:\Company\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.Migrations.cs.resources
D:\Company\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.Migrations.fiscal.resources
D:\Company\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.Migrations.fiscal1.resources
D:\Company\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.Migrations.counterfiscal.resources
D:\Company\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.Migrations.newfis.resources
D:\Company\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.Migrations.type.resources
D:\Company\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
D:\Company\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
D:\Company\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.csproj.CopyComplete
D:\Company\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.dll
D:\Company\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.pdb
D:\Company\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
E:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Newspaper.dll.config
E:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Newspaper.dll
E:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Newspaper.pdb
E:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
E:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\AutoMapper.dll
E:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\EntityFramework.dll
E:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
E:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
E:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
E:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
E:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
E:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
E:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
E:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
E:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
E:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
E:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
E:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
E:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
E:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
E:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
E:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
E:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Owin.dll
E:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
E:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
E:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
E:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
E:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
E:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
E:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
E:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\WebGrease.dll
E:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\AutoMapper.xml
E:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\EntityFramework.xml
E:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
E:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
E:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
E:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
E:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
E:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
E:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
E:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
E:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
E:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
E:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
E:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
E:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
E:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
E:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
E:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
E:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
E:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
E:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
E:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
E:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
E:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
E:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
E:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
E:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.Migrations.prakashan.resources
E:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.Migrations.group.resources
E:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.Migrations._new.resources
E:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.Migrations.newspaper.resources
E:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.Migrations.gdms.resources
E:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.Migrations.serviceimg.resources
E:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.Migrations.dscountamount.resources
E:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.Migrations.route.resources
E:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.Migrations.cs.resources
E:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.Migrations.fiscal.resources
E:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.Migrations.fiscal1.resources
E:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.Migrations.counterfiscal.resources
E:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.Migrations.newfis.resources
E:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.Migrations.type.resources
E:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
E:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
E:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.csproj.CopyComplete
E:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.dll
E:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.pdb
E:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.Migrations.officer_complement_added.resources
E:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.Migrations.createdDate_to_officer.resources
E:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
E:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
E:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
E:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
E:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
E:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
E:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
E:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
E:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
E:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
E:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
E:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
E:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\ClosedXML.dll
E:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\DocumentFormat.OpenXml.dll
E:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\ExcelNumberFormat.dll
E:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\FastMember.dll
E:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\System.IO.FileSystem.Primitives.dll
E:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\System.IO.Packaging.dll
E:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\ClosedXML.pdb
E:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\ClosedXML.xml
E:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\DocumentFormat.OpenXml.xml
E:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\ExcelNumberFormat.xml
E:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\ClosedXML.Extensions.Mvc.dll
F:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
F:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
F:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
F:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
F:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
F:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
F:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
F:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
F:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
F:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
F:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
F:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
F:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Newspaper.dll.config
F:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Newspaper.dll
F:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Newspaper.pdb
F:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
F:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\AutoMapper.dll
F:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\ClosedXML.dll
F:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\ClosedXML.Extensions.Mvc.dll
F:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\DocumentFormat.OpenXml.dll
F:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\EntityFramework.dll
F:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
F:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\ExcelNumberFormat.dll
F:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\FastMember.dll
F:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
F:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
F:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
F:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
F:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
F:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
F:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
F:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
F:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
F:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
F:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
F:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
F:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
F:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
F:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
F:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Owin.dll
F:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\System.IO.FileSystem.Primitives.dll
F:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\System.IO.Packaging.dll
F:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
F:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
F:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
F:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
F:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
F:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
F:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
F:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\WebGrease.dll
F:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\AutoMapper.xml
F:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\ClosedXML.pdb
F:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\ClosedXML.xml
F:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\DocumentFormat.OpenXml.xml
F:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\EntityFramework.xml
F:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\ExcelNumberFormat.xml
F:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
F:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
F:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
F:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
F:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
F:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
F:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
F:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
F:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
F:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
F:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
F:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
F:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
F:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
F:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
F:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
F:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
F:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
F:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
F:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
F:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
F:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
F:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
F:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
F:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.Migrations.prakashan.resources
F:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.Migrations.group.resources
F:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.Migrations._new.resources
F:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.Migrations.newspaper.resources
F:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.Migrations.gdms.resources
F:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.Migrations.serviceimg.resources
F:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.Migrations.dscountamount.resources
F:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.Migrations.route.resources
F:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.Migrations.cs.resources
F:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.Migrations.fiscal.resources
F:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.Migrations.fiscal1.resources
F:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.Migrations.counterfiscal.resources
F:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.Migrations.newfis.resources
F:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.Migrations.type.resources
F:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.Migrations.officer_complement_added.resources
F:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.Migrations.createdDate_to_officer.resources
F:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
F:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
F:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.csproj.CopyComplete
F:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.dll
F:\Projects\Newspaper\Newspaper\obj\Debug\Newspaper.pdb
